docs: about how to prevent sending certain notifications type through email (#101)
decentraland/notifications-workers: README.md

> If the email sent in the `PUT /set-email` request is an empty string, the email will be removed from the subscription and email notifications will be 
> deactivated for the user.

### Prevent sending emails for certain type of notifications

> Currently, the service broadcasts notifications both via email and in-world inboxes. Whenever a new notification is added, the service attempts to deliver it through both channels. However, certain notifications should be broadcasted exclusively in-world to avoid cluttering users’ email inboxes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, the service broadcasts notifications both via email and in-world/in-app inbox. Whenever a new notification is added, the service attempts to deliver it through both channels. However, certain notifications should be broadcast exclusively in-world to avoid cluttering users' email inboxes.
```

The service will attempt to send email notifications if a corresponding template is available in the `processor/src/adapters/email-templates/` directory. To prevent a notification from being sent via email and only broadcast it in-world, simply avoid adding or remove the email template for that notification from this directory.

> Additionally, the service tests must be adjusted since they automatically check for a matching template for every notification type. For notifications intended to be broadcasted only in-world, it is needed to exclude them from the test suite located at `/processor/test/unit/adapters/email-renderer.spec.ts`, as has already been done for the `BADGE_GRANTED` notification type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, the service tests must be adjusted since they automatically check for a matching template for every notification type. For notifications intended to be broadcast only in-world, they must be excluded from the test suite located at `/processor/test/unit/adapters/email-renderer.spec.ts`, as has already been done for the `BADGE_GRANTED` notification type.
```
